Add Cloud Database IP Restriction provider (#276)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/cloud_project_database_ip_restriction.html.markdown

---
layout: "ovh"
page_title: "OVH: cloud_project_database_ip_restriction"
sidebar_current: "docs-ovh-resource-cloud-project-database-ip-restriction"
description: |-

>   Creates an ip restriction for a database cluster associated with a public cloud project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Creates an IP restriction for a managed database cluster associated with a public cloud project.
```

---

# ovh_cloud_project_database_ip_restriction

> Creates an ip restriction for a database cluster associated with a public cloud project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply IP restrictions to an OVHcloud Managed Database cluster.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "ovh_cloud_project_database" "db" {
  service_name = "XXXX"
  engine = "YYYY"
  cluster_id  = "ZZZZ"
}

resource "ovh_cloud_project_database_ip_restriction" "iprestriction" {
  service_name = ovh_cloud_project_database.db.service_name

>   engine = ovh_cloud_project_database.database.engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  engine = ovh_cloud_project_database.db.engine
```

  cluster_id  = ovh_cloud_project_database.db.cluster_id

>   ip = "111.222.233.244/8"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ip = "178.97.6.0/24"
```

}
```

## Argument Reference

* `service_name` - The id of the public cloud project. If omitted,
  the `OVH_CLOUD_PROJECT_SERVICE` environment variable is used.

> * `engine` - The database engine you want to deploy. To get a full list of available engine visit.

Reviewer 2: wrong description

[public documentation](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/publiccloud/databases).

* `cluster_id` - Cluster ID.

> * `ip` - Whitelisted IP.

Reviewer 2: Authorized IP

`description` - (Optional) Description of the ip restriction.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `description` - See Argument Reference above.

> * `ip` - See Argument Reference above.

Reviewer: Add terraform import block :)

---
layout: "ovh"
page_title: "OVH: cloud_project_database_ip_restriction"
sidebar_current: "docs-ovh-resource-cloud-project-database-ip-restriction"
description: |-
  Creates an IP restriction for a managed database cluster associated with a public cloud project.
---

# ovh_cloud_project_database_ip_restriction

Apply IP restrictions to an OVHcloud Managed Database cluster.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "ovh_cloud_project_database" "db" {
  service_name = "XXXX"
  engine = "YYYY"
  cluster_id  = "ZZZZ"
}

resource "ovh_cloud_project_database_ip_restriction" "iprestriction" {
  service_name = ovh_cloud_project_database.db.service_name

>    engine = ovh_cloud_project_database.db.engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  engine = ovh_cloud_project_database.db.engine
```

  cluster_id  = ovh_cloud_project_database.db.cluster_id
  ip = "178.97.6.0/24"
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `service_name` - The id of the public cloud project. If omitted,
  the `OVH_CLOUD_PROJECT_SERVICE` environment variable is used.

> * `engine` - The engine of the database cluster you want to add an Ip restriction. To get a full list of available engine visit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `engine` - The engine of the database cluster you want to add an IP restriction. To get a full list of available engine visit.
```

[public documentation](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/publiccloud/databases).

* `cluster_id` - Cluster ID.

* `ip` - Authorized IP.

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the ip restriction.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `description` - See Argument Reference above.
* `ip` - See Argument Reference above.
* `status` - Current status of the ip restriction.

## Import

> OVHcloud Managed database cluster ip restrictions can be imported using the `service_name`, `engine`, `cluster_id` and the `ip`, separated by "/" E.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OVHcloud Managed database cluster IP restrictions can be imported using the `service_name`, `engine`, `cluster_id` and the `ip`, separated by "/" E.g.,
```
